🔨(ngrok) inject current ngrok url in aws configuration (#895)
openfun/marsha: CHANGELOG.md

- Add a series of components to power breadcrumbs.
- Add a frontend component to use SVG icons in Marsha.

> - Add a ngrok makefile task to launch it
> - Inject current ngrok url to terraform configuration through env vars

Reviewer: I didn't really understand what you are doing when reading these 2 sentences. I propose something like:
```suggestion
- Add ngrok to serve marsha on a public domain and automate CloudFront configuration via terraform when needed
```

Author: You're right, final usage wasn't clear.

> - Inject current ngrok url to terraform configuration in not defined in env vars

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Inject current ngrok url to terraform configuration if not defined in env vars
```
